{
  "target": "Please tell me about george whitefield",
  "orig": "Despite his controversial and polarizing nature, he had a lasting impact on the religious and political landscape of the British Empire, and his influence can still be felt today.",
  "alt": "It is evident in the lasting impact of his preaching and leadership during the Great Awakening and his contributions to the founding of the University of Pennsylvania.",
  "prefix": "George Whitefield (1714-1770) was an English-born Anglican clergyman who played a significant role in the religious and intellectual history of the British Empire. He was one of the leaders of the evangelical wing of the Church of England, and was a prominent figure in the Great Awakening, a wave of religious enthusiasm that swept through the British colonies in the 1730s and 1740s. Whitefield was born in Gloucester, England, and was educated at the University of Oxford. After serving as a curate in several parishes in England, he was invited to the American colonies in 1738 by John Wesley, with whom he had formed a close relationship. In the colonies, Whitefield became one of the most influential figures in the Great Awakening. He traveled extensively throughout the colonies, preaching to large crowds of people, often outside of traditional church buildings. His fiery sermons and emotional appeals had a powerful impact on his listeners, and he became known as the \"Grand Itinerant\" of the American colonies. Whitefield's influence extended beyond the religious sphere. He was a vocal advocate for the rights of the American colonists, and played a significant role in the revolutionary movement that led to the Declaration of Independence. He also played a key role in the founding of the University of Pennsylvania, which was established with the express purpose of providing a education for future leaders of the colonies. Whitefield remained a prominent figure in religious and intellectual circles until his death in 1770.",
  "triple": [
    [
      "his influence",
      "can still be felt",
      "today."
    ],
    "compactie",
    0
  ],
  "tag": "ok",
  "wrong": "none",
  "explanation": null
}