{
  "target": "Please tell me about george whitefield",
  "orig": "Whitefield's influence extended beyond the religious sphere, as he became involved in a number of social and political issues of the day.",
  "alt": "He became one of the most famous preachers of his time and played a key role in spreading the message of the Great Awakening to the American colonies.",
  "prefix": "George Whitefield (1714-1770) was an English Anglican cleric who played a significant role in the spiritual and social development of early America. He was one of the leaders of the Great Awakening, a period of religious revival in the 18th century that swept through the British colonies in America. Whitefield was born in Gloucester, England, and was educated at Pembroke College, Oxford. He became an Anglican priest and developed a reputation as a powerful preacher, known for his enthusiastic and emotional style. He gained a large following in England and became a popular figure in the religious and social life of London. In 1738, Whitefield sailed to America to serve as a missionary to the British colonists. He was initially met with skepticism and even hostility from many of the established clergymen in the colonies, who saw him as a threat to their authority. However, Whitefield's powerful preaching and personal charisma soon won over many audiences, and he became a major figure in the Great Awakening. During his time in America, Whitefield traveled extensively, preaching to large crowds in cities and towns throughout the colonies. He established a network of supporters and built a number of churches, including one in Philadelphia that became known as Whitefield's Tabernacle. He also played a significant role in the founding of the University of Georgia, which was chartered in 1785.",
  "triple": [
    [
      "he",
      "became",
      "involved in a number of social and political issues of the day."
    ],
    "compactie",
    0
  ],
  "tag": "ok",
  "wrong": "none",
  "explanation": null
}