In what city was Alma Karlin born?
In what city was Barbu Ștefănescu Delavrancea born?
In what city was Ed Sullivan born?
In what city was Edward Drinker Cope born?
In what city was Gustavo A. Madero born?
In what city was Israel Horowitz born?
In what city was Jakob Kaiser born?
In what city was James Brown born?
In what city was Jan van de Cappelle born?
In what city was János Ferencsik born?
In what city was Johann Christian Brand born?
In what city was Josephus Nicolaus Laurenti born?
In what city was Juan Luis Guerra born?
In what city was Jun Murai born?
In what city was Kensho Ono born?
In what city was Ko Wen-je born?
In what city was Koudai Tsukakoshi born?
In what city was Lucia de Berk born?
In what city was Luis Fernando Tena born?
In what city was Paul Walker born?
In what city was Rahi Masoom Raza born?
In what city was Richie Ashburn born?
In what city was Robert Kraft born?
In what city was Robley Dunglison Evans born?
In what city was Roger Gaudry born?
In what city was Sugar Ray Norcia born?
In what city was Thomas Seaton Scott born?
In what city was Veselin Vujović born?
In what city was William Perry Hay born?
In what city was Yuriy Vernydub born?
In what country is 1991 Copa do Brasil?
In what country is 1999 Guatemalan general election?
In what country is 2010 European Track Championships?
In what country is 24?
In what country is Arizona Theatre Company?
In what country is Atelierhaus Salzamt?
In what country is Ava?
In what country is Awe?
In what country is Billboard?
In what country is Blenheim?
In what country is Borysławice?
In what country is Bouvet Island?
In what country is Buckskin Mountain State Park?
In what country is Canterbury Park?
In what country is Chester?
In what country is Christian Democracy?
In what country is Contemporary Museum Baltimore?
In what country is Criuleni?
In what country is Dasht Jeyhun?
In what country is Davidson?
In what country is East New Britain Province?
In what country is El Limón?
In what country is Ely?
In what country is Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District?
In what country is Felsőörs?
In what country is Ferrari?
In what country is Füzérradvány?
In what country is Ghana Navy?
In what country is Gmina Lubsza?
In what country is Haw River?
In what country is Hyderabad House?
In what country is Ida Ridge?
In what country is Iksan?
In what country is Joint European Torus?
In what country is KLM?
In what country is Kanjiroba Himal?
In what country is Kansas?
In what country is Karahasanlı?
In what country is Kōchi Prefecture?
In what country is Khiva District?
In what country is Kno?
In what country is Kottayam Institute of Technology & Science?
In what country is La Junta?
In what country is Laxmipur, Mahakali?
In what country is Leipzig–Dresden Railway Company?
In what country is Logan?
In what country is Majdanpek?
In what country is Medveščak?
In what country is Middletown?
In what country is Milan?
In what country is Märstetten?
In what country is Mullsjö Municipality?
In what country is Museum of Islamic Art?
In what country is Nagata-ku?
In what country is Nashotah House?
In what country is National Assembly?
In what country is Netherlands Antilles?
In what country is Order of Saints Cyril and Methodius?
In what country is Oxford?
In what country is Pelabuhanratu?
In what country is Perth?
In what country is Pindus?
In what country is Raduzhny Airport?
In what country is Ramon Magsaysay Technological University?
In what country is Revigliasco d'Asti?
In what country is Rogers?
In what country is Rubim do Norte River?
In what country is Rusyn?
In what country is Saint-Antonin?
In what country is Satrapy of Armenia?
In what country is Shapotou District?
In what country is Sognefjord?
In what country is South China Sea?
In what country is Szczecin Scientific Society?
In what country is The Bountiful Company?
In what country is Tura?
In what country is US Open?
In what country is University of Central Missouri?
In what country is Upper Midwest forest-savanna transition?
In what country is Valea Pleșii River?
In what country is history of Ghana?
In what country is pero?
In what country is province of Milan?
In what country is Łupiny, Masovian Voivodeship?
What color is Arsenal F.C.?
What color is Carlisle United F.C.?
What color is Exeter City F.C.?
What color is chalk?
What color is flag of Vanuatu?
What genre is 10 Years?
What genre is 2AM?
What genre is A Question and Answer Guide to Astronomy?
What genre is Adore?
What genre is Airline Disaster?
What genre is Alien?
What genre is Alien Terminator?
What genre is Alt?
What genre is Amici miei – Atto III?
What genre is André Watts?
What genre is Annie?
What genre is Another World?
What genre is Aperture Tag?
What genre is Ark?
What genre is Arrival?
What genre is Arthur William Devis?
What genre is At This Moment?
What genre is Avatar?
What genre is Believer?
What genre is Blind Spot?
What genre is Brad Delp?
What genre is Brown Sugar?
What genre is Celebration?
What genre is Chaotic?
What genre is Chrome?
What genre is Coral Records?
What genre is Counter-Strike?
What genre is Cows?
What genre is Crystal Shawanda?
What genre is Cube?
What genre is DOS MZ executable?
What genre is Deep End?
What genre is Deivos?
What genre is Device?
What genre is Diabolis Interium?
What genre is Dirk Gently?
What genre is Disney's The Kid?
What genre is Disorder?
What genre is Electronic?
What genre is Empire?
What genre is Etidorhpa?
What genre is Eve?
What genre is Everything?
What genre is Evil Dead: Hail to the King?
What genre is F1?
What genre is Fishing?
What genre is Freedom Downtime?
What genre is Frogs?
What genre is Full Force?
What genre is Gateway?
What genre is Godzilla?
What genre is Gravity?
What genre is Grease?
What genre is Gwyneth Jones?
What genre is Hamilton?
What genre is Happy Christmas?
What genre is Heat?
What genre is Heist?
What genre is Help?
What genre is Higher and Higher?
What genre is Holiday?
What genre is Human Nature?
What genre is I Want to Break Free?
What genre is Idaho?
What genre is Immortal?
What genre is In the Mouth of the Whale?
What genre is Inside?
What genre is Intervals?
What genre is Iron Man?
What genre is Ismael Quintana?
What genre is John Entwistle?
What genre is Killjoy?
What genre is Kirby 64: The Crystal Shards?
What genre is Koko ni Iruzee!?
What genre is Light Years?
What genre is Load?
What genre is Loose?
What genre is Lou Christie?
What genre is Lutheran Worship?
What genre is Marathon?
What genre is Mario franchise?
What genre is Mars?
What genre is Memorial?
What genre is Micro?
What genre is Miracle?
What genre is Modern Talking?
What genre is Mother?
What genre is My Family?
What genre is Mystery Date?
What genre is Nancy Drew and the Hidden Staircase?
What genre is Need to Believe?
What genre is Nine?
What genre is Nine Inch Nails?
What genre is Nineteen Eighty-Four?
What genre is No Doubt?
What genre is Noise?
What genre is Numb?
What genre is Obsessed?
What genre is One More Time?
What genre is Operator?
What genre is Out of This World?
What genre is Overseas?
What genre is Oz?
What genre is Passenger?
What genre is Pizza?
What genre is Prince Lasha?
What genre is Prom?
What genre is Proof?
What genre is Raavan?
What genre is Regeneration?
What genre is Report?
What genre is Revelations: Persona?
What genre is Richie Hawtin?
What genre is Risen?
What genre is Riverside?
What genre is Ross the Boss?
What genre is Rush?
What genre is Scream?
What genre is Settle?
What genre is Shaft?
What genre is Shion?
What genre is Shockproof?
What genre is Signal?
What genre is Space Battleship Yamato?
What genre is Spy?
What genre is Stand Up?
What genre is Street Fighter?
What genre is Sublime?
What genre is Sugar?
What genre is Suicide?
What genre is Super Mario World?
What genre is Talk?
What genre is Taxi?
What genre is The Aleph?
What genre is The Brain?
What genre is The Capture?
What genre is The Children?
What genre is The Circle?
What genre is The Cleftones?
What genre is The Entity?
What genre is The Firm?
What genre is The Good Life?
What genre is The Guess Who?
What genre is The Italian Job?
What genre is The Journey Down?
What genre is The Karate Kid?
What genre is The Magician's Apprentice?
What genre is The Message?
What genre is The Myth?
What genre is The One?
What genre is The Others?
What genre is The Paperboy?
What genre is The Police?
What genre is The Relic?
What genre is The Returned?
What genre is The Rev?
What genre is The Rite?
What genre is The Switch?
What genre is The Test?
What genre is The Thorn in the Heart?
What genre is The Toy?
What genre is The Visitors?
What genre is The Void?
What genre is Theatre?
What genre is They Live?
What genre is Thin Ice?
What genre is This Love?
What genre is To Mother?
What genre is Todd Terry?
What genre is Tool?
What genre is Touhou Project?
What genre is Treasure Island?
What genre is Trilogy?
What genre is Troy?
What genre is Truckfighters?
What genre is Tsjuder?
What genre is U Brown?
What genre is Up All Night?
What genre is Voltaj?
What genre is Warning?
What genre is Wendy?
What genre is Whitney?
What genre is Working?
What genre is Zeni Geva?
What genre is love for?
What is A. Lawrence Kocher's occupation?
What is Atlanta the capital of?
What is Benazir Bhutto's occupation?
What is Billy Joel's occupation?
What is Boston the capital of?
What is Charlottenlund the capital of?
What is City of Brussels the capital of?
What is Columbia the capital of?
What is Dallas the capital of?
What is Darrell Hammond's occupation?
What is Delhi the capital of?
What is Eckart von Hirschhausen's occupation?
What is Elvin Penner's occupation?
What is Famke Janssen's occupation?
What is Firaq Gorakhpuri's occupation?
What is Gladwyn Jebb's occupation?
What is Halebidu the capital of?
What is Halifax the capital of?
What is Hallsberg the capital of?
What is Hamilton the capital of?
What is Harare the capital of?
What is Jacopo Melani's occupation?
What is James J. Gibson's occupation?
What is Jean-Baptiste de Lamarck's occupation?
What is John Scurti's occupation?
What is Joseph R. Perella's occupation?
What is Kazuyoshi Sekine's occupation?
What is Kuala Lumpur the capital of?
What is London the capital of?
What is Madrid the capital of?
What is Mamuju the capital of?
What is Marjorie Margolies-Mezvinsky's occupation?
What is Mark T. Vande Hei's occupation?
What is Mike Flanagan's occupation?
What is Mons the capital of?
What is Muskogee the capital of?
What is Nancy the capital of?
What is Naval the capital of?
What is Norman Crowther Hunt, Baron Crowther-Hunt's occupation?
What is Orléans the capital of?
What is Ottawa the capital of?
What is Ouagadougou the capital of?
What is Oxford the capital of?
What is Rome the capital of?
What is Ronneby the capital of?
What is Saint Paul the capital of?
What is Salisbury the capital of?
What is Samuel Wells Williams's occupation?
What is Ski Beatz's occupation?
What is Soria the capital of?
What is Stari Ras the capital of?
What is Stockholm the capital of?
What is Tachibana no Moroe's occupation?
What is Teramo the capital of?
What is Veronica Franco's occupation?
What is Vienna the capital of?
What is Washington, D.C. the capital of?
What is Westminster the capital of?
What is Xi'an the capital of?
What is Ye the capital of?
What is the capital of Achaea Regional Unit?
What is the capital of Appenzell Ausserrhoden?
What is the capital of Arkansas?
What is the capital of Australia?
What is the capital of Basel-Stadt?
What is the capital of Belgium?
What is the capital of British India?
What is the capital of Brussels Capital Region?
What is the capital of Byzantine Empire?
What is the capital of Cagayan?
What is the capital of Canton of Bern?
What is the capital of Canton of Lucerne?
What is the capital of Cao Wei?
What is the capital of Chittenden County?
What is the capital of City of Melbourne?
What is the capital of City of Newcastle?
What is the capital of Colombia?
What is the capital of Colorado?
What is the capital of Confederate States of America?
What is the capital of Cuba?
What is the capital of Denmark?
What is the capital of Duchy of Amalfi?
What is the capital of East Timor?
What is the capital of El Salvador?
What is the capital of Emirate of Dubai?
What is the capital of European Economic Community?
What is the capital of Faxe Municipality?
What is the capital of Gabon?
What is the capital of Greenland?
What is the capital of Iran?
What is the capital of Italy?
What is the capital of Jackson County?
What is the capital of Kabul?
What is the capital of Kenya?
What is the capital of Kingdom of England?
What is the capital of Kingdom of Italy?
What is the capital of Kingdom of the Netherlands?
What is the capital of Kiribati?
What is the capital of Lebanon?
What is the capital of Lesotho?
What is the capital of Levice District?
What is the capital of Liberia?
What is the capital of Libya?
What is the capital of Lower Saxony?
What is the capital of Madison County?
What is the capital of Maryland?
What is the capital of Mauritius?
What is the capital of Mendoza?
What is the capital of Morocco?
What is the capital of New Brunswick?
What is the capital of New Hampshire?
What is the capital of New Jersey?
What is the capital of New Zealand?
What is the capital of Nicaragua?
What is the capital of Northern Mariana Islands?
What is the capital of Northern Territory?
What is the capital of Novgorod Republic?
What is the capital of Nunavut?
What is the capital of Oklahoma?
What is the capital of Ontario?
What is the capital of Papua New Guinea?
What is the capital of Province of Canada?
What is the capital of Province of Georgia?
What is the capital of Province of Teramo?
What is the capital of Puerto Rico?
What is the capital of Pulaski County?
What is the capital of Quneitra Governorate?
What is the capital of Republic of China 1912–1949?
What is the capital of Russia?
What is the capital of Russian Empire?
What is the capital of Sabah?
What is the capital of San Marino?
What is the capital of Semirechye Oblast?
What is the capital of Seychelles?
What is the capital of Sri Lanka?
What is the capital of Sultanate of Rum?
What is the capital of Suriname?
What is the capital of Tang Empire?
What is the capital of Texas?
What is the capital of Thailand?
What is the capital of Tokugawa Shogunate?
What is the capital of Turkey?
What is the capital of Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic?
What is the capital of United Arab Emirates?
What is the capital of Uttar Pradesh?
What is the capital of Van Buren County?
What is the capital of Verbandsgemeinde Loreley?
What is the capital of Vermont?
What is the capital of Vimmerby Municipality?
What is the capital of Weimar Republic?
What is the capital of Wiltshire?
What is the capital of Wisconsin?
What is the capital of arrondissement of Limoges?
What is the religion of Abraham Lincoln?
What is the religion of Alfred Reid?
What is the religion of Assumption of Mary?
What is the religion of Bede?
What is the religion of Belmont Abbey College?
What is the religion of Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar?
What is the religion of Caesar Baronius?
What is the religion of Cao Wei?
What is the religion of Claus Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg?
What is the religion of Francisco Pizarro?
What is the religion of Frederick William IV of Prussia?
What is the religion of Ivan Illich?
What is the religion of James I of Aragon?
What is the religion of James VI and I?
What is the religion of Jesus in Islam?
What is the religion of Joseph Cardijn?
What is the religion of Kingdom of England?
What is the religion of Landgraviate of Hesse-Kassel?
What is the religion of Lutheran Theological Seminary at Philadelphia?
What is the religion of Matthew the Apostle?
What is the religion of Muhammad Ali?
What is the religion of Oliver O'Grady?
What is the religion of Paul?
What is the religion of Romanian Greek Catholic Church?
What is the religion of Rumi?
What is the religion of Tang Empire?
What is the religion of Thomas Aquinas College?
What is the religion of United Theological Seminary of the Twin Cities?
What sport does 1889 College Football All-America Team play?
What sport does 1952 NFL season play?
What sport does 1994–95 Belgian First Division play?
What sport does Birmingham City F.C. play?
What sport does Bryce Harper play?
What sport does Carlaw Park play?
What sport does Club Libertad play?
What sport does Coventry City F.C. play?
What sport does Deontay Greenberry play?
What sport does Dimitri Pätzold play?
What sport does EuroBasket 1953 play?
What sport does FIBT World Championships 1939 play?
What sport does Germany national handball team play?
What sport does Izwan Mahbud play?
What sport does Josef Martínez play?
What sport does Kiribati men's national basketball team play?
What sport does Ligue Magnus play?
What sport does Niklas Stark play?
What sport does St. Louis Cardinals play?
What sport does Stu Grimson play?
What sport does Toni Kukoč play?
What sport does Warrenpoint Town F.C. play?
What sport does Welling United F.C. play?
What sport does canoeing at the 2014 Asian Games – women's K-4 500 metres play?
What sport does penalty play?
What sport does Östersunds FK play?
What sport does tight end play?
Who is the author of A Woman of the Iron People?
Who is the author of All in a Day?
Who is the author of Americanah?
Who is the author of An Old Captivity?
Who is the author of Ancestor?
Who is the author of Ancient Evenings?
Who is the author of Ash?
Who is the author of Aunt Jane's Nieces Abroad?
Who is the author of B Is for Beer?
Who is the author of Being Different?
Who is the author of Bloodtide?
Who is the author of Camino Real?
Who is the author of Carmelite Rule of St. Albert?
Who is the author of Carnival of Souls?
Who is the author of Christopher and His Kind?
Who is the author of Click?
Who is the author of Color?
Who is the author of Come and Get It?
Who is the author of Conan, Lord of the Black River?
Who is the author of Corpus Inscriptionum Latinarum?
Who is the author of Countdown to Final Crisis?
Who is the author of Darkvision?
Who is the author of Deutsches Wörterbuch?
Who is the author of Do The Work?
Who is the author of Dolores Claiborne?
Who is the author of Emma?
Who is the author of Empire and Communications?
Who is the author of Fear?
Who is the author of Federation?
Who is the author of Find Me?
Who is the author of Finder?
Who is the author of First Law?
Who is the author of First Things First?
Who is the author of Five Get Into Trouble?
Who is the author of For the Win?
Who is the author of Forever in Blue: The Fourth Summer of the Sisterhood?
Who is the author of GNU General Public License?
Who is the author of Glas?
Who is the author of Glass?
Who is the author of Glue?
Who is the author of Hana-Kimi?
Who is the author of Helen?
Who is the author of Holes?
Who is the author of Ignition City?
Who is the author of Interface?
Who is the author of Into the Woods?
Who is the author of Ion?
Who is the author of Jazz?
Who is the author of Kin?
Who is the author of Landing in Luck?
Who is the author of Lear?
Who is the author of Left Behind?
Who is the author of Les Vingt et un Jours d'un neurasthénique?
Who is the author of Lighthouse?
Who is the author of Lincoln?
Who is the author of Losing It?
Who is the author of Love?
Who is the author of Marooned in Realtime?
Who is the author of Maximum Ride: Saving the World and Other Extreme Sports?
Who is the author of Mechanics?
Who is the author of Memory, Sorrow, and Thorn?
Who is the author of Men at Work: The Craft of Baseball?
Who is the author of Messiah?
Who is the author of Midnight's Children?
Who is the author of Miracle?
Who is the author of Moo?
Who is the author of More?
Who is the author of Mouse?
Who is the author of Musicophilia?
Who is the author of NW?
Who is the author of Need?
Who is the author of New Keywords?
Who is the author of Next?
Who is the author of Norma?
Who is the author of Now and Then?
Who is the author of O dia das calças roladas?
Who is the author of Of Grammatology?
Who is the author of Off the Road?
Who is the author of Old Money?
Who is the author of On the Road?
Who is the author of Once An Eagle?
Who is the author of One on One?
Who is the author of Only Human?
Who is the author of Our Lady of the Flowers?
Who is the author of Our Town?
Who is the author of Panic?
Who is the author of Pearl?
Who is the author of Plutus?
Who is the author of Q?
Who is the author of Redeployment?
Who is the author of Rivals?
Who is the author of Roads?
Who is the author of Romanitas?
Who is the author of Ross O'Carroll-Kelly?
Who is the author of Saint Young Men?
Who is the author of Salvage?
Who is the author of Salvation?
Who is the author of Scary Godmother?
Who is the author of Second Generation?
Who is the author of Severed Souls?
Who is the author of Shelter?
Who is the author of Signifying Rappers: Rap and Race in the Urban Present?
Who is the author of Silk?
Who is the author of Sisters?
Who is the author of Specials?
Who is the author of Sprout?
Who is the author of Stations?
Who is the author of Suicide?
Who is the author of Symposium?
Who is the author of Tanya?
Who is the author of That Face?
Who is the author of The Afghan?
Who is the author of The Americans?
Who is the author of The Ball and the Cross?
Who is the author of The Best Man?
Who is the author of The Bishop's Heir?
Who is the author of The Black Dahlia?
Who is the author of The Boat?
Who is the author of The Bomb?
Who is the author of The Calcutta Chromosome?
Who is the author of The Calder Game?
Who is the author of The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County?
Who is the author of The City?
Who is the author of The Clouds?
Who is the author of The Confidential Clerk?
Who is the author of The Dancer Upstairs?
Who is the author of The Decision?
Who is the author of The Demon?
Who is the author of The Education of Henry Adams?
Who is the author of The Executioner's Song?
Who is the author of The Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers?
Who is the author of The Fall?
Who is the author of The Fruits of Enlightenment?
Who is the author of The Game?
Who is the author of The Ghost Road?
Who is the author of The Group?
Who is the author of The Hostile Hospital?
Who is the author of The House of God?
Who is the author of The Information?
Who is the author of The Lab?
Who is the author of The Lagoon?
Who is the author of The Last Days?
Who is the author of The Man of the Crowd?
Who is the author of The Media Elite?
Who is the author of The Night Watch?
Who is the author of The Pianoplayers?
Who is the author of The Rachel Papers?
Who is the author of The Ritual?
Who is the author of The River?
Who is the author of The Road?
Who is the author of The Room?
Who is the author of The Second Coming?
Who is the author of The Secret Diaries of Miss Miranda Cheever?
Who is the author of The Secret Life of Plants?
Who is the author of The Shape of Water?
Who is the author of The Snake?
Who is the author of The Star Rover?
Who is the author of The Stud?
Who is the author of The Sun?
Who is the author of The Temple?
Who is the author of The Third Gate?
Who is the author of The Three Robbers?
Who is the author of The Trial of God?
Who is the author of The Whole Family?
Who is the author of The Wicked Witch of Oz?
Who is the author of The Wild?
Who is the author of The Wizard in Wonderland?
Who is the author of The Word?
Who is the author of The Wreck of the Mary Deare?
Who is the author of The Zero Game?
Who is the author of Titan?
Who is the author of Tractatus Politicus?
Who is the author of Tropic Moon?
Who is the author of U and I?
Who is the author of Vagabond?
Who is the author of Visionseeker: Shared Wisdom from the Place of Refuge?
Who is the author of Voyage d'Egypte et de Nubie?
Who is the author of Wanted?
Who is the author of Was?
Who is the author of Washington, D.C.?
Who is the author of Why I Write?
Who is the author of Wicked?
Who is the author of Windy?
Who is the author of Wired?
Who is the author of Wolf?
Who is the author of Zones?
Who is the author of list of Mr. Men?
Who is the father of Alexander?
Who is the father of Alexander I of Serbia?
Who is the father of Apollo?
Who is the father of Archduke Leopold of Austria, Prince of Tuscany?
Who is the father of Ariarathes V of Cappadocia?
Who is the father of Bagrat III of Georgia?
Who is the father of Boleslaus III, Duke of Bohemia?
Who is the father of Brandon Lee?
Who is the father of Cal Ripken Jr.?
Who is the father of Carl Grimes?
Who is the father of Charites?
Who is the father of Charles Lindbergh?
Who is the father of Cornelis Bloemaert?
Who is the father of Damian Wayne?
Who is the father of David Cassidy?
Who is the father of David Glen Eisley?
Who is the father of Denis I of Portugal?
Who is the father of Dwayne Johnson?
Who is the father of Edward I of Portugal?
Who is the father of Elizabeth II?
Who is the father of Emperor An of Jin?
Who is the father of Emperor Yang of Sui?
Who is the father of Faunus?
Who is the father of Frederick IV, Elector Palatine?
Who is the father of Ganesha?
Who is the father of George Dance the Younger?
Who is the father of George Washington?
Who is the father of Gouverneur Morris II?
Who is the father of Grand Duke Nicholas Mikhailovich of Russia?
Who is the father of Ham?
Who is the father of Henry Fairfield Osborn, Jr.?
Who is the father of Horus?
Who is the father of Iphicles?
Who is the father of Isaac II Angelos?
Who is the father of Isis?
Who is the father of Islamic view of Isaac?
Who is the father of John, King of England?
Who is the father of Levi?
Who is the father of Makaziwe Mandela?
Who is the father of Marguerite de Rothschild?
Who is the father of Mark Twain?
Who is the father of Matilda of Scotland?
Who is the father of Máel Snechtai of Moray?
Who is the father of Mihailo II of Duklja?
Who is the father of Mira Burt-Wintonick?
Who is the father of Mishari bin Saud bin Abdulaziz Al Saud?
Who is the father of Ram?
Who is the father of Reu?
Who is the father of Richard Grosvenor, 2nd Marquess of Westminster?
Who is the father of Sahibzada Jujhar Singh?
Who is the father of Searching?
Who is the father of Sisowath of Cambodia?
Who is the father of Skip Holtz?
Who is the father of T. E. Lawrence?
Who is the father of Tiger Woods?
Who is the father of Tyler Ritter?
Who is the father of Urraca of Castile?
Who is the father of Utu?
Who is the mother of Afonso II of Portugal?
Who is the mother of Amitabh Bachchan?
Who is the mother of Bertrand Russell?
Who is the mother of Cable?
Who is the mother of Cassandra Cain?
Who is the mother of Emperor An of Jin?
Who is the mother of Esau?
Who is the mother of Gautama Buddha?
Who is the mother of George W. Bush?
Who is the mother of George Washington?
Who is the mother of James I of Scotland?
Who is the mother of Jesus?
Who is the mother of Koxinga?
Who is the mother of Mahavira?
Who is the mother of Maud of Normandy?
Who is the mother of Parikshit?
Who is the mother of Pierre Napoleon Bonaparte?
Who is the mother of Queen Victoria?
Who is the mother of Samson?
Who is the mother of Sydney Chaplin?
Who is the mother of Trojden I, Duke of Masovia?
Who was the composer of 2 Days in Paris?
Who was the composer of A Class Act?
Who was the composer of After Hours?
Who was the composer of All Around the World?
Who was the composer of All I Can Do?
Who was the composer of All by Myself?
Who was the composer of Alone?
Who was the composer of Angel?
Who was the composer of Annie?
Who was the composer of Ariane et Barbe-bleue?
Who was the composer of Arkansas?
Who was the composer of Arrival?
Who was the composer of Baby?
Who was the composer of Before Crisis: Final Fantasy VII?
Who was the composer of Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo?
Who was the composer of Birthday?
Who was the composer of Brand New Day?
Who was the composer of Carefree?
Who was the composer of Carousel?
Who was the composer of Carrie?
Who was the composer of Celebration?
Who was the composer of Cocktail?
Who was the composer of Company?
Who was the composer of Discipline?
Who was the composer of Dragonball Evolution?
Who was the composer of Dream On (An Indian Lullaby)?
Who was the composer of Dreams?
Who was the composer of Edges?
Who was the composer of El Dorado?
Who was the composer of Emergency?
Who was the composer of Emotions?
Who was the composer of Empty Room?
Who was the composer of English?
Who was the composer of Estate?
Who was the composer of Fascinating Rhythm?
Who was the composer of Final Fantasy Adventure?
Who was the composer of Forever?
Who was the composer of Forever Young?
Who was the composer of Gentleman?
Who was the composer of Get You?
Who was the composer of Hair?
Who was the composer of Hero?
Who was the composer of Higher and Higher?
Who was the composer of Hotel?
Who was the composer of I Miss You?
Who was the composer of I Wanna Pick You Up?
Who was the composer of Images?
Who was the composer of In Summer?
Who was the composer of In the Garden?
Who was the composer of Instant Crush?
Who was the composer of Jade?
Who was the composer of King David?
Who was the composer of King Kong?
Who was the composer of La nave?
Who was the composer of Legend?
Who was the composer of Let It Be?
Who was the composer of Locus iste?
Who was the composer of Lovely?
Who was the composer of Maria?
Who was the composer of Mass?
Who was the composer of Messa?
Who was the composer of Mexico?
Who was the composer of Miss You?
Who was the composer of Missing?
Who was the composer of More?
Who was the composer of Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium?
Who was the composer of Never Forget?
Who was the composer of Nozze istriane?
Who was the composer of Off the Wall?
Who was the composer of Oklahoma!?
Who was the composer of One?
Who was the composer of One Last Time?
Who was the composer of Only You?
Who was the composer of Out of This World?
Who was the composer of Paddle to the Sea?
Who was the composer of Pan?
Who was the composer of Patience?
Who was the composer of Rocky?
Who was the composer of Shaft?
Who was the composer of Shine?
Who was the composer of Smooth?
Who was the composer of Something Wonderful?
Who was the composer of Soul Eyes?
Who was the composer of Star Trek: The Next Generation?
Who was the composer of Starship Trooper?
Who was the composer of Stormy Monday?
Who was the composer of String Quartet No. 3?
Who was the composer of Survivor?
Who was the composer of Symphony No. 3?
Who was the composer of Thank You?
Who was the composer of The American President?
Who was the composer of The Band?
Who was the composer of The Bells?
Who was the composer of The Creation?
Who was the composer of The Good Life?
Who was the composer of The Host?
Who was the composer of The Last of Us?
Who was the composer of The Nose?
Who was the composer of The Party's Over?
Who was the composer of The Robe?
Who was the composer of The Social Network?
Who was the composer of The Sting?
Who was the composer of The Visit?
Who was the composer of This Is the Sea?
Who was the composer of This Love?
Who was the composer of Time?
Who was the composer of Time Machine?
Who was the composer of Tron?
Who was the composer of Undo?
Who was the composer of Unreal Tournament?
Who was the composer of Upside Down?
Who was the composer of Violin Concerto?
Who was the composer of Violin Concerto No. 1?
Who was the composer of We Are the World?
Who was the composer of Wish You Were Here?
Who was the composer of Without You?
Who was the composer of Wolf?
Who was the composer of You Never Know?
Who was the composer of Ève?
Who was the director of 100?
Who was the director of ABCD: Any Body Can Dance 2?
Who was the director of A Double Life?
Who was the director of A Teacher?
Who was the director of Action?
Who was the director of Amy?
Who was the director of Annie?
Who was the director of Another Country?
Who was the director of Anything Else?
Who was the director of Balance of Terror?
Who was the director of Barbara?
Who was the director of Beautiful Ohio?
Who was the director of Best in Show?
Who was the director of Bingo?
Who was the director of Blade?
Who was the director of Boys?
Who was the director of Breaking Bad?
Who was the director of Brotherhood of the Wolf?
Who was the director of Burning Man?
Who was the director of Cake?
Who was the director of Careful?
Who was the director of Carrie?
Who was the director of Cat People?
Who was the director of Champion?
Who was the director of Champions?
Who was the director of Chicago?
Who was the director of Chinese Coffee?
Who was the director of Circuit?
Who was the director of Click?
Who was the director of Colorful?
Who was the director of Cube?
Who was the director of Darling?
Who was the director of Death Becomes Her?
Who was the director of Deep Breath?
Who was the director of Dil?
Who was the director of Don?
Who was the director of Doomwatch?
Who was the director of Dry?
Who was the director of Early Spring?
Who was the director of Elf?
Who was the director of Emma?
Who was the director of Encounter?
Who was the director of Face?
Who was the director of Fitzcarraldo?
Who was the director of Five?
Who was the director of Flawless?
Who was the director of Free and Easy?
Who was the director of Genius?
Who was the director of Glory?
Who was the director of Green Hell?
Who was the director of Guess Who?
Who was the director of Hackers?
Who was the director of Halloween II?
Who was the director of Happy End?
Who was the director of Heaven?
Who was the director of Hell on Wheels?
Who was the director of His Hour?
Who was the director of Holiday?
Who was the director of Homecoming?
Who was the director of Honey, We Shrunk Ourselves?
Who was the director of Hoot?
Who was the director of Impulse?
Who was the director of Independence Day?
Who was the director of Irresistible?
Who was the director of Ivan?
Who was the director of Jour de Fête?
Who was the director of Kansas City?
Who was the director of Kes?
Who was the director of Kotwal Saab?
Who was the director of La Haine?
Who was the director of La Notte?
Who was the director of La Piscine?
Who was the director of La spiaggia?
Who was the director of Labor Day?
Who was the director of Last Days?
Who was the director of Left Behind?
Who was the director of Legend?
Who was the director of Legion?
Who was the director of Life?
Who was the director of Like Crazy?
Who was the director of Léon: The Professional?
Who was the director of Look?
Who was the director of Love?
Who was the director of Love Story?
Who was the director of Loving You?
Who was the director of Lucy?
Who was the director of M?
Who was the director of Madame Sousatzka?
Who was the director of Madea Gets a Job?
Who was the director of Mall?
Who was the director of March or Die?
Who was the director of Masks?
Who was the director of Michael?
Who was the director of Midnight?
Who was the director of Miracle?
Who was the director of Miranda?
Who was the director of Monday?
Who was the director of More?
Who was the director of Mother?
Who was the director of Mute?
Who was the director of My Own Private Idaho?
Who was the director of Never Forget?
Who was the director of New Frontier?
Who was the director of Nightmare?
Who was the director of Nine?
Who was the director of No Such Thing?
Who was the director of Normal?
Who was the director of Normal Life?
Who was the director of On the Beach?
Who was the director of On the Job?
Who was the director of One Day?
Who was the director of Only You?
Who was the director of Outfoxed?
Who was the director of Paprika?
Who was the director of Parents?
Who was the director of Phoenix?
Who was the director of Pi?
Who was the director of Pilgrimage?
Who was the director of Pilot?
Who was the director of Postcard?
Who was the director of Ready?
Who was the director of Real Life?
Who was the director of Rebecca?
Who was the director of Redemption?
Who was the director of Renaissance?
Who was the director of Revenge?
Who was the director of Rising?
Who was the director of Rockshow?
Who was the director of Rogues of Sherwood Forest?
Who was the director of Ryan?
Who was the director of Safe?
Who was the director of Sarah's Key?
Who was the director of Serenity?
Who was the director of Smashed?
Who was the director of So Young?
Who was the director of Sold?
Who was the director of Space Seed?
Who was the director of Spring Waltz?
Who was the director of Star Trek: First Contact?
Who was the director of Star Wars?
Who was the director of Sugar?
Who was the director of Takedown?
Who was the director of Taken?
Who was the director of The Actors?
Who was the director of The Addiction?
Who was the director of The Amazing Mr Blunden?
Who was the director of The Anniversary?
Who was the director of The Balcony?
Who was the director of The Benny Goodman Story?
Who was the director of The Best Man?
Who was the director of The Beyond?
Who was the director of The Blues?
Who was the director of The Boys?
Who was the director of The Brat?
Who was the director of The Changeling?
Who was the director of The Comic?
Who was the director of The Crossing?
Who was the director of The Devil in the Dark?
Who was the director of The Dove?
Who was the director of The Driver?
Who was the director of The FJ Holden?
Who was the director of The Final Test?
Who was the director of The Fog?
Who was the director of The Fox?
Who was the director of The Galileo Seven?
Who was the director of The Game Plan?
Who was the director of The Girl?
Who was the director of The Good Earth?
Who was the director of The Great Outdoors?
Who was the director of The Great Wall?
Who was the director of The Greatest?
Who was the director of The Grey?
Who was the director of The Guardian?
Who was the director of The Hard Way?
Who was the director of The Holes?
Who was the director of The International?
Who was the director of The Island?
Who was the director of The King and I?
Who was the director of The Kingdom?
Who was the director of The Lineup?
Who was the director of The Little Prince?
Who was the director of The Love Nest?
Who was the director of The Man Trap?
Who was the director of The Mark?
Who was the director of The Message?
Who was the director of The Mirror?
Who was the director of The Other?
Who was the director of The People Against O'Hara?
Who was the director of The Saint?
Who was the director of The Secret?
Who was the director of The Shadow?
Who was the director of The Squeeze?
Who was the director of The Stand?
Who was the director of The Stranger?
Who was the director of The Sugarland Express?
Who was the director of The Suspect?
Who was the director of The Time Machine?
Who was the director of The Tomb?
Who was the director of The Touch?
Who was the director of The Trap?
Who was the director of The Unbelievable Truth?
Who was the director of The Visit?
Who was the director of The Voices?
Who was the director of The Ward?
Who was the director of The Weekend?
Who was the director of The Well?
Who was the director of The Woman on the Jury?
Who was the director of The Wrath of God?
Who was the director of The Wrestler?
Who was the director of Those We Love?
Who was the director of Tim?
Who was the director of Tracks?
Who was the director of Training Day?
Who was the director of Transit?
Who was the director of Trash?
Who was the director of Trust?
Who was the director of Turbo?
Who was the director of Turbo: A Power Rangers Movie?
Who was the director of Two Women?
Who was the director of Unfriended?
Who was the director of Unity?
Who was the director of Vacation?
Who was the director of Valentín?
Who was the director of Virus?
Who was the director of Way Out?
Who was the director of Wish You Were Here?
Who was the director of Witch?
Who was the director of Youth?
Who was the director of Zombieland?
Who was the director of Zorba the Greek?
Who was the producer of 1983?
Who was the producer of 2010: The Year We Make Contact?
Who was the producer of 9?
Who was the producer of A Foreign Affair?
Who was the producer of A Man and a Woman?
Who was the producer of About Time?
Who was the producer of American Me?
Who was the producer of Apostrophe (')?
Who was the producer of Are You Here?
Who was the producer of Arena?
Who was the producer of Artifact?
Who was the producer of Bad?
Who was the producer of Beautiful?
Who was the producer of Bug?
Who was the producer of Butterfly?
Who was the producer of By the Sea?
Who was the producer of Candy?
Who was the producer of Captive?
Who was the producer of Champion?
Who was the producer of Chrome?
Who was the producer of Cinderella Man?
Who was the producer of Cinema?
Who was the producer of Clue?
Who was the producer of Construct?
Who was the producer of Cookie's Fortune?
Who was the producer of Coquette?
Who was the producer of Creature?
Who was the producer of Crest of a Knave?
Who was the producer of Criminal?
Who was the producer of Curtains?
Who was the producer of Deathstalker II?
Who was the producer of Demons?
Who was the producer of Dil?
Who was the producer of Disclosure?
Who was the producer of Doc?
Who was the producer of Downloaded?
Who was the producer of Drift?
Who was the producer of Earned It?
Who was the producer of Eat?
Who was the producer of El Cid?
Who was the producer of Eli?
Who was the producer of Emma?
Who was the producer of Enthiran?
Who was the producer of Episodes?
Who was the producer of FAN?
Who was the producer of Face to Face?
Who was the producer of Feast?
Who was the producer of Flawless?
Who was the producer of For No One?
Who was the producer of Friday?
Who was the producer of Friday the 13th Part 2?
Who was the producer of Giant?
Who was the producer of Gladiator?
Who was the producer of Good Vibrations?
Who was the producer of Grand Slam?
Who was the producer of Gravity?
Who was the producer of Guide?
Who was the producer of Halloween?
Who was the producer of Heat?
Who was the producer of Her?
Who was the producer of Hero?
Who was the producer of Holiday?
Who was the producer of Horses?
Who was the producer of Hot Rats?
Who was the producer of Hotel?
Who was the producer of I Am Love?
Who was the producer of I Love You, Man?
Who was the producer of Images?
Who was the producer of Imagine?
Who was the producer of It Takes Two?
Who was the producer of Jab We Met?
Who was the producer of Jagriti?
Who was the producer of Japón?
Who was the producer of Jump?
Who was the producer of Ladies and Gentlemen: The Rolling Stones?
Who was the producer of Le grand soir?
Who was the producer of Legion?
Who was the producer of Life?
Who was the producer of Live Your Life?
Who was the producer of Look Around You?
Who was the producer of Love?
Who was the producer of Made?
Who was the producer of Memories?
Who was the producer of Metro?
Who was the producer of Michael?
Who was the producer of Mission Kashmir?
Who was the producer of My Love?
Who was the producer of My Way?
Who was the producer of New Blood?
Who was the producer of Nine?
Who was the producer of Nuts?
Who was the producer of On Any Sunday?
Who was the producer of On the Town?
Who was the producer of One Week?
Who was the producer of Partner?
Who was the producer of Peter Gabriel?
Who was the producer of Philadelphia?
Who was the producer of Police Squad!?
Who was the producer of Precious?
Who was the producer of Process?
Who was the producer of Protocol?
Who was the producer of Pulse?
Who was the producer of Rain?
Who was the producer of Rejected?
Who was the producer of Resident Evil 2?
Who was the producer of Restless?
Who was the producer of Revenge?
Who was the producer of Romance?
Who was the producer of Room at the Top?
Who was the producer of Secretary?
Who was the producer of Shock Treatment?
Who was the producer of Skin?
Who was the producer of So Far So Good?
Who was the producer of South of Heaven?
Who was the producer of Squeeze?
Who was the producer of Star Trek: First Contact?
Who was the producer of Still?
Who was the producer of Swingers?
Who was the producer of Tai-Pan?
Who was the producer of Taken?
Who was the producer of Tarzan, the Ape Man?
Who was the producer of The Alamo?
Who was the producer of The Arrangement?
Who was the producer of The Bat?
Who was the producer of The Bay?
Who was the producer of The Blue Light?
Who was the producer of The Box?
Who was the producer of The Brat?
Who was the producer of The Conversation?
Who was the producer of The Cruise?
Who was the producer of The Debt?
Who was the producer of The Debut?
Who was the producer of The Descendants?
Who was the producer of The Detective?
Who was the producer of The Dilemma?
Who was the producer of The Double?
Who was the producer of The East?
Who was the producer of The End of Violence?
Who was the producer of The Fountain?
Who was the producer of The Front?
Who was the producer of The Front Page?
Who was the producer of The Giver?
Who was the producer of The Grey?
Who was the producer of The Hurricane?
Who was the producer of The Incredible Burt Wonderstone?
Who was the producer of The Island?
Who was the producer of The Journey?
Who was the producer of The Joy Luck Club?
Who was the producer of The Lucky Stiff?
Who was the producer of The Master?
Who was the producer of The Mind Benders?
Who was the producer of The Miracle?
Who was the producer of The Myth?
Who was the producer of The Odd Life of Timothy Green?
Who was the producer of The Other?
Who was the producer of The Other Guys?
Who was the producer of The Pledge?
Who was the producer of The Proposal?
Who was the producer of The Rescue?
Who was the producer of The Ring?
Who was the producer of The Rock?
Who was the producer of The Room?
Who was the producer of The Sessions?
Who was the producer of The Shore?
Who was the producer of The Statement?
Who was the producer of The Sting?
Who was the producer of The Take?
Who was the producer of The Ten?
Who was the producer of The Tiger's Tail?
Who was the producer of The Trial?
Who was the producer of The Visitor?
Who was the producer of The Watch?
Who was the producer of The Way I Am?
Who was the producer of The Woods?
Who was the producer of Threads?
Who was the producer of Time?
Who was the producer of Titanic?
Who was the producer of Trauma?
Who was the producer of Treasure Island?
Who was the producer of Unapologetic?
Who was the producer of Une fille et des fusils?
Who was the producer of Up in the Air?
Who was the producer of W?
Who was the producer of Wall Street?
Who was the producer of Wave?
Who was the producer of What's Going On?
Who was the producer of When in Rome?
Who was the screenwriter for 2012?
Who was the screenwriter for AKA?
Who was the screenwriter for A Personal Journey with Martin Scorsese Through American Movies?
Who was the screenwriter for A Teacher?
Who was the screenwriter for Abandon?
Who was the screenwriter for Absentia?
Who was the screenwriter for Adam?
Who was the screenwriter for After Hours?
Who was the screenwriter for Alice?
Who was the screenwriter for American Dreamer?
Who was the screenwriter for Amok Time?
Who was the screenwriter for Angry Dad: The Movie?
Who was the screenwriter for Anonymous?
Who was the screenwriter for Another Life?
Who was the screenwriter for Anything Else?
Who was the screenwriter for Arthur?
Who was the screenwriter for As Time Goes By?
Who was the screenwriter for Back to the Future?
Who was the screenwriter for Bean?
Who was the screenwriter for Beautiful?
Who was the screenwriter for Below?
Who was the screenwriter for Big?
Who was the screenwriter for Blow?
Who was the screenwriter for Boys?
Who was the screenwriter for Breath?
Who was the screenwriter for Butterfly Kiss?
Who was the screenwriter for By the Sea?
Who was the screenwriter for Career?
Who was the screenwriter for Carol?
Who was the screenwriter for Casino?
Who was the screenwriter for Chaos?
Who was the screenwriter for Chicago?
Who was the screenwriter for Christine?
Who was the screenwriter for Coach Carter?
Who was the screenwriter for Cocktail?
Who was the screenwriter for Confessions of a Dangerous Mind?
Who was the screenwriter for Crash?
Who was the screenwriter for Cure?
Who was the screenwriter for Demons?
Who was the screenwriter for Desire?
Who was the screenwriter for Digimon Frontier?
Who was the screenwriter for Disclosure?
Who was the screenwriter for Do the Right Thing?
Who was the screenwriter for Dreams?
Who was the screenwriter for Easy A?
Who was the screenwriter for Elephant?
Who was the screenwriter for Equilibrium?
Who was the screenwriter for Escape?
Who was the screenwriter for Evening?
Who was the screenwriter for Extract?
Who was the screenwriter for Fame?
Who was the screenwriter for Final Destination?
Who was the screenwriter for Fingers?
Who was the screenwriter for Following?
Who was the screenwriter for Forty Guns?
Who was the screenwriter for Game Change?
Who was the screenwriter for Gente di Roma?
Who was the screenwriter for Get Low?
Who was the screenwriter for Glass?
Who was the screenwriter for Go?
Who was the screenwriter for God Told Me To?
Who was the screenwriter for Good News?
Who was the screenwriter for Graduate First?
Who was the screenwriter for Great Expectations?
Who was the screenwriter for Greed?
Who was the screenwriter for Halloween?
Who was the screenwriter for Highway?
Who was the screenwriter for Home?
Who was the screenwriter for Hot Fuzz?
Who was the screenwriter for Hotel?
Who was the screenwriter for I'm Here?
Who was the screenwriter for Images?
Who was the screenwriter for In Another Country?
Who was the screenwriter for In the Bedroom?
Who was the screenwriter for In the Cut?
Who was the screenwriter for Iron Man 3?
Who was the screenwriter for Isolation?
Who was the screenwriter for Just Imagine?
Who was the screenwriter for Kes?
Who was the screenwriter for Kids Return?
Who was the screenwriter for La Notte?
Who was the screenwriter for Laura?
Who was the screenwriter for Le Fils d'Amr est mort?
Who was the screenwriter for Learning to Drive?
Who was the screenwriter for Legion?
Who was the screenwriter for Lost?
Who was the screenwriter for M?
Who was the screenwriter for MASH?
Who was the screenwriter for Man of La Mancha?
Who was the screenwriter for Max?
Who was the screenwriter for Memories?
Who was the screenwriter for Michael?
Who was the screenwriter for Michael Jackson's Ghosts?
Who was the screenwriter for Milk?
Who was the screenwriter for Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol?
Who was the screenwriter for Noah?
Who was the screenwriter for North & South?
Who was the screenwriter for Obsession?
Who was the screenwriter for Oil?
Who was the screenwriter for Opening Night?
Who was the screenwriter for Orpheus Descending?
Who was the screenwriter for Out of the Blue?
Who was the screenwriter for PK?
Who was the screenwriter for Paprika?
Who was the screenwriter for Parlami d'Amore?
Who was the screenwriter for Prime?
Who was the screenwriter for Proof?
Who was the screenwriter for Pulp Fiction?
Who was the screenwriter for Pygmalion?
Who was the screenwriter for Q?
Who was the screenwriter for Queen?
Who was the screenwriter for Rangeela?
Who was the screenwriter for Rejected?
Who was the screenwriter for Restless?
Who was the screenwriter for Results?
Who was the screenwriter for Revelations?
Who was the screenwriter for Ride?
Who was the screenwriter for Ring?
Who was the screenwriter for Sabotage?
Who was the screenwriter for Safe?
Who was the screenwriter for Salvation?
Who was the screenwriter for Samson?
Who was the screenwriter for Scooby-Doo?
Who was the screenwriter for Seduced and Abandoned?
Who was the screenwriter for Serenity?
Who was the screenwriter for Shine?
Who was the screenwriter for Silence?
Who was the screenwriter for Smashed?
Who was the screenwriter for Sneakers?
Who was the screenwriter for Speak?
Who was the screenwriter for Star Trek: First Contact?
Who was the screenwriter for Stick It?
Who was the screenwriter for Sumurun?
Who was the screenwriter for Superstar?
Who was the screenwriter for Taken?
Who was the screenwriter for Taxi?
Who was the screenwriter for Ten?
Who was the screenwriter for The Amazing Mrs Pritchard?
Who was the screenwriter for The Arrival?
Who was the screenwriter for The Big Hangover?
Who was the screenwriter for The Big One?
Who was the screenwriter for The Big Road?
Who was the screenwriter for The Bourne Legacy?
Who was the screenwriter for The Boys?
Who was the screenwriter for The Bridge?
Who was the screenwriter for The Card?
Who was the screenwriter for The Claim?
Who was the screenwriter for The Commitments?
Who was the screenwriter for The Debt?
Who was the screenwriter for The Deep End?
Who was the screenwriter for The Descendants?
Who was the screenwriter for The Double?
Who was the screenwriter for The Eagle?
Who was the screenwriter for The East?
Who was the screenwriter for The Egyptian?
Who was the screenwriter for The Family?
Who was the screenwriter for The First Time?
Who was the screenwriter for The Fog?
Who was the screenwriter for The Funeral?
Who was the screenwriter for The Game?
Who was the screenwriter for The General?
Who was the screenwriter for The Hours?
Who was the screenwriter for The Intern?
Who was the screenwriter for The Internship?
Who was the screenwriter for The Island?
Who was the screenwriter for The Jacket?
Who was the screenwriter for The Ledge?
Who was the screenwriter for The Liability?
Who was the screenwriter for The Medium?
Who was the screenwriter for The Mermaid?
Who was the screenwriter for The Message?
Who was the screenwriter for The Mighty?
Who was the screenwriter for The Mist?
Who was the screenwriter for The Normal Heart?
Who was the screenwriter for The Omega Glory?
Who was the screenwriter for The One Million Pound Note?
Who was the screenwriter for The Other?
Who was the screenwriter for The Paper?
Who was the screenwriter for The Passion of Anna?
Who was the screenwriter for The Pilot?
Who was the screenwriter for The Prestige?
Who was the screenwriter for The Prize?
Who was the screenwriter for The Purchase Price?
Who was the screenwriter for The Report?
Who was the screenwriter for The Return?
Who was the screenwriter for The Robe?